Class System and Progression
1. Mage
2. Ranger
3. Fighter
4. Tanky Boi

Progression will be centered around whichever class that you have chosen; 
however, you will be able to unlock attributes from other classes.

Each class is tied to a certain attribute
1. Magic (duh)
2. Ranged attack
3. Melee attack
4. Defense

Each of the classes is also tied to a creature type that will lead progression 
for that tree
1. Magical Creatures
2. ??? (Aerial creatures)
3. Monsters
4. Beasts

Each class will have a tech tree that increases their abilities in each of their attribute.
Every class can unlock the basic nodes on every tree, but they can only
unlock the advanced nodes on their own tree.

Nodes on the tree will be hidden until you have defeated the creature that
corresponds to the node. Once the creature is defeated, the node and all 
nodes before it will be shown. Even if a node is shown, it is not active
unless the necessary creature has been killed. Nodes are also level capped,
so unlocking a node requires your level to be high eneough as well. 
TLDR: Nodes can be in three states (hidden, shown, unlocked). Defeate a
creature to show the node. Unlock the node by being high enough level.



Items and Equipment

Items will be sorted by class and will come in the following categories:
1. Head Armor
2. Chest Armor
3. Leg Armor
4. Main Weapons
5. Class Thing
6. Probably more things but that can come later

A cool idea would to have the main weapon be non-material and just level up with the tech tree.
Then armor and possible accesories would be tradeable and craftable. Another idea is to have the
main weapon follow that route and have a secondary weapon that is just an item like armors.

Equipment is the same accross all classes:
1. Resource gathering tools
2. Potions
3. Maybe something else idk



Getting New Items

There are two possible ways that we could get new basic items in the game.

1. Each enemy defeated has a chance to drop equipment
This would offload much of the grind for gear onto every day activities in the game.
There would be less grinding of materials and such, but we would have to tune drops
with progression in the game. 

2. Craft new gear by using resources gathered in game
Crafting is a fun time and adds a lot to the game, but it may become too much of a 
grind if our crafting system is bad. There are also a lot of players that don't want
to gather resources and craft things.

There may be a compromise between these two things, or we may just want to pick one
of the options. Personally, I don't love option 1 because it makes the amount of items
that we need to make much higher, and makes getting a new item feel less meaningfull.

Better gear will be given from other factors of the game:
1. Quests completed
2. Boss creatures defeated
3. 